Applicant/s aged over 18
Applicant/s live in or have business in E Mids and have lived in E Mids. min 18 months or business located/to be located in MEIF LEP areas (see LEP postcode document or question which local authority business rates are paid to)
Loan amount criteria and security requirements met? (As per latest Loan Fund Update Document)
Minimum contribution 15% for existing businesses 
Request not for excluded purpose (As per latest Loan Fund Update Document)
Signed and fully completed application form held with electronic signature
Before proceeding further – credit searches obtained on all applicants on all addresses revealed over the last 3 years. Must not be more than a month old.
If credit search reveals adverse information or not on voters roll then do not proceed further without investigating with applicant/s and obtaining a satisfactory explanation
Evidence of bank decline held
If secured lending, then get mortgage statement to confirm borrowings against property offered
Customer Charter given out
Client Perception form given out 
Client details fully entered on the database and updated at each meeting (include Action Plan, notes, timesheet etc) 
Client Contact Form/s signed and completed and held in loan file (mandatory for the initial meeting but either a signed CCF or signed Action Plan is acceptable evidence for every subsequent client meeting) Or Copies of email chains with the client.
Action plan completed (signed by the client if completed instead of CCF)
If the business is a Limited Co – then obtain a company search from Companies House. (Comment on results in adviser summary)
Business plan 
Personal Statement of Asset & Liabilities for each Director
CV for each director (if not included in the Business plan)
One years cashflow forecast and Business Liabilities Form 
If existing business - 3 years trading accounts (or current management accounts if not traded that long) 
If existing business and no accounts available  – recent copy tax return/s held to evidence turnover/ drawings etc 
Full latest 6 months bank statements held (on business account if an existing business or personal account/s of all applicants if start-up). (Comment on bank account operation in adviser summary)
Copy photo ID - passport or if other ID obtain confirmation that UK citizen - certified by adviser or official that it is a copy of the original document
If non-EU, the passport must have written evidence of leave to remain in the UK for at least the term of the loan 
Copy utility bill evidencing current address (note mobile phone bill not acceptable). If no utility bill, then refer to the loan fund manager for an acceptable alternative and note here.
Adviser summary form fully completed commenting on all the above – plus following attachments if RLS facility – Location Questionnaire and RLS Provisional Eligibility Assessment.
